I am NOT a spy I am a simple fisherman I
love this country thing that makes this
show specialties that we're telling a
piece of history that has been
underrepresented but we're telling it in
a very unusual way in Japanese
literature there's a genre called Qaida
or ghost tales and we combined that with
the imprisonment of innocent
japanese-americans unjustly after Pearl
Harbor
[Music]
fans of Japanese horror movies
especially those in the last 20 years
the the ones that rely more on the
psychological creepiness are going to
find a lot that they're familiar with
not just in the writing and the in the
performances but specifically the the
cinematography the direction and design
of the show I'm excited for audiences to
see an asian-american story being told
on mainstream television we don't see
this often there's a lot of different
elements going into this story and I
think it's going to make for some very
high drama
different ghost stories have their own
conventions my understanding of the
Japanese ghost also known as au day or
an old baka or bah kimono is that this
spirit has a very strong desire and
that's why it's lingering kind of in
limbo between this world and the
afterlife
there's something very particular about
Japanese horror I feel it's more of a
sense like a feel like an underlying
current which for me is terrifying class
on young men
supernatural like a Japanese traditional
story is I feel like it's real because
we really believe the spiritual stuff in
Japan it's a cultural piece so all of
the elements are brought up over by the
first generation of Japanese Americans
what are you doing purification and then
you have the supernatural aspect of what
their superstitions are and feeling like
you know they could possibly be hunted
and haunted so you have a lot of
different paranoia yuta is not like a
Western ghost more like a spirit ghost
there's something evil
I can feel it it's not just a horror
story it's more of human story people
dealing with unknown Hey
you're citizen boy your ball here
show them your patriot the ghosts yeah
of course they are scary but what human
beings do to each other is a lot more
scary audiences are craving diversity
and so we have a lot of that going on in
our show our characters are speaking
Japanese but it's all through the
language of story and family you know
and sacrifice and and love and these are
all Universal languages as far as I know
this is the first time that entire
series has been devoted to certainly
this subject matter but told in this
style
whether it be a horrifying a drama fan
or you're interested in the historical
aspects I think there's something in it
for everyone let's go I feel so
privileged to be the part of it and to
tell the story of their survival and the
resilience it's a very important story
to tell the Americans and to tell the
world that this happened and that we all
should know and the witch is repeating
the same thing over and over again once
you're in it you'll experience all these
different elements together and you'll
be able to draw your own conclusions
about what it says about the present day
you